BD-3471 Add Email to the BrazeAI Liquid Assistant (#8090)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/sage_ai/generative_ai/ai_liquid.md

With the AI Liquid Assistant, you can generate Liquid from templates, receive personalized Liquid suggestions, and optimize existing Liquid with the support of Sage AI. The AI Liquid Assistant also provides annotations explaining the Liquid used, so you can increase your understanding of Liquid and learn to write your own.

{% alert important %}

> The BrazeAI<sup>TM</sup> Liquid Assistant is currently in beta for a limited number of customers who actively use the push, SMS, or email channels. For the email channel, this works on email messages and **not** templates, and works best on email messages that are already built. <br><br> If you're interested in being considered for the beta, reach out to your customer success manager.

Author: ```suggestion
The AI Liquid Assistant is currently in beta for a limited number of customers who actively use the push, SMS, or email channels. For the email channel, this works on email messages and **not** templates, and works best on email messages that are already built. <br><br> If you're interested in being considered for the beta, reach out to your customer success manager.
```
